However
no no no no
maroc
kiko against tax judges.
mediaset regulating the meritocratic rhetoric for which it is claimed that the
the right to study is something accessory
who are few in Italy who deserve and reality deserve and who can access
to higher education, who can access the level at the level done is
that of those who graduate only 60% know how to accept is home and only 40%
cedal joining from these are data that demonstrate how siena is applicable today
meritocratic principle since we start from assumptions of social inequality
very high of this reform with you we are also the plant on what
concerns research and the figure of the researcher disappears indefinitely
cenzo pr especially spas we see the rhetoric for which this reform apakah
barony
we have studied it reform enough propose the mind we have not found
not even a rule that makes us think that this is really ariparma in
merit eeeh of the attack on the classes privilege within renzi from these seven
the reform is digestive and, as indeed, Confindustria is confirming, it is done
tailored to the needs of Italian employers this is what we are
denouncing again today in the square here in Naples, there is a winston churchill uprising
in full world antilles make cuts to the culture
increased funds to culture because culture was thought to be the pipe of a
country. quite the opposite where your country is going yes here we are
paradoxical sanction Italian capitalism itself does not do either
his job
in the sense of the word sick capitalism
capitalism will beat acre theme started headquarters command we have seen how
hey hey whose interests
inviting Italian capitalists study outside a studio in Italy I think
this face
elisa easy rider easy are those who ask for reforms in
Italy
have had tailor-made reforms their needs for twenty years and I think that
this goes well to say that form of government to this country but not now from
25 years at least
today there is also an atom is structured Mr.
common wall that I take
but the sadness of the waste because it has not been possible to look like one
demonstration
I do not know this we see from Rome we have not organized directly march
what we are sometimes provokingly proposing
in the assembly and that here in students should go afaik hydrangeas but i
pomigliano workers when the cassintegrazione that should go to ends
do the third assembly that should reason together with you
movement for water as we are trying to do, in short, trying to unite
the struggles because you can't think of someone winning on their own
against all these policies that kill who always have only us
precarious workers and women who would become women who come
massacred in terms of incinerators
egas irigatori dumps what we have to make us all join together to search
to reverse a trend and try to make the crisis pay for it
provoked
window learn from the older French brothers when they take to the streets
c.
if the cedars square danti block all country
we tried to clamor for the general strike on 16 October
we are not satisfied with a 4-hour strike, but we think that here it will be
begins to reason terms to which we block the country all of us
or we do not understand anything and above all we win nothing common images tuturro
of the school in general in a few very black years but I see it already in the
here I'm
jeane norm to want 5 years ago and has turned black now I can only do that
very black magiano we are talking about 8 and a half billion cuts I made history
philosophy I would like to teach in high schools I am already very well that I would expect gradation
- 12 years before being able to make the first substitutes this is the picture of the
Italian instructions at this time
your graduates, however, no
to be able to win something tells me to really frighten this government
this minister
and to all the ministers who will come if these policies continue